Vigil backlog
--- 28-02-2026


--- 27-02-2026

Please do a FULL and DETILED review of the entire plan find the good bad and ugly and offer enhancements. We had an acceptance testing from the previous sprint that was NOT completed because of usability issues (project structures, poor dashboard...) - the first priority is implement those tasks and repeat acceptance testing - this is ALSO true for the bugs carried from the previous sprint. In your design review look  into those matters and prioritize the tasks in sprint 07 accordingly 

Also See my comments:
(1)  Seems that NOT All todo's are ready  for ALL agents - e.g. [DEV:agents]
(2) First priority and what I wish to acceptance test before we move to the NEXT tasks (Agents, LLMs, Neon) are project, sprint, session configurations and Dashboard upgrades - those are lessons learned from the previous sprint


[CPTO → DEV:ext] [CPTO → DEV:server] 
[CPTO → DEV:dashboard] [CPTO → QA]



--- 26-02-2026
Regarding discovery - I am not sure that I agree :

(1) Auto discovery by the dev tools during testing +AUTO resolved - this works since the tests are run again and the loop test->fix->test... resolved is good. But this is initiated and resolved by the DEV AGENT

(2) Human is doing acceptance testing and finds a BUG - then reports to the AI dev team - the AI checks, changes the code, and reports that it is fixed - sometimes it is sometimes it is not. No auto test (regression) generation, no actual testing that the bug is really resolved, no regression testing - the bug may reappear in future sprints - it falls upon the human to keep track - a frustrating and bug prone process (e.g. registration bug - keep registering and hope for the best)



What we lack in my opinion is:

(i) A consolidated bugs (and features) reporting system (this is what C:\Synaptix-Labs\projects\project-refiner tries to do = not enough)

(ii) Bug storage and management system 

(iii) Bugs resolution system 

(iv) Feedback and monitoring and regression testing to avoid the bug from reappearing  and "elevation" (via severity) if bugs appears 



The goal is to solve (2) and make it more like (1) 



I suggest that we elevate C:\Synaptix-Labs\projects\project-refiner (and change the name it is awful) 



(i) DISCOVERY : The current sys is OK 





I would add the ability to  take snapshots and report bugs and features wo/ the need to constantly record everything.





 When a new session is opened - it run a clock to add time stamps to events. The user is testing the system and can record bugs or features and capture the screen - this is recorded via snapshots 



The user may also run a recorder (click play / pause / stop) via mouse or "SPACE" button (for play / pause) when outside an EDIT BOX (there SPACE = " ") - this will add a recording of the DOM and MOUSE movement (per choice) as it is done today 



The user can END a debugging session 



The entire session is logged and recorded + LOG (JSON/YAML...)



The main difference from the current system - is that my new suggestion is based on a debug session in which recordings are part of the sessions and NOT THE session. and a session starts and ends per user choice with or without a FULL recording (it can have 1 opened bug + screenshot) 



This is NOT a major change to the current discovery process - mainly USABILY change to make life easier and to reduce the size if a session when there is no actual need to record all. Please note that a session may complied of as many recordings as required - it is part of a session 

(ii) STORAGE : Currently within the browser 





Storage is currently a problem since the browser can't store in MY workspace and I have to download the session - this is NOT GREAT 



I think that each sprint should have a BUG + FEATURES  folder that stores the recorded sessions and a project "management system" with a simple GUI that can present that status of bugs and features and help manage them across the sprints (e.g. move to future sprints / backlog) 



The info is project based - kept locally and stored in GIT during regular commits and push 



Storage can be solved in various ways : following are few suggestions - please advise what is best, what is possible, what other options exists





We divide project-refiner into a chrome extension (as is) + SaaS (or local APP) - the chrome extension is just the recorder and the APP manages the storage and the management GUI - data can flow through an APP DB (e.g. extension places the session data in the DB ; management APP extracts and places sessions in the project folders



We migrate ALL to an APP 

(iii) RESOLUTION LOOP : Manual currently 





During the resolution phase the Agents (Let's assume we use CLAUDE CODE DESKTOP and CLI) should be aware of (i) and (ii) and act to:





go over the bugs and features to be resolved in the current sprint (look into the sessions, analyse them, "see" / recreate the issue if needed, understand the bug and respond - if the bug can't be recreated - advise) 



Create Unit/E2E tests using the testing infra + Playwright to recreate the bugs - i.e. create a FAILED test on the issue 



Resolve the issues



Run the test again and see it passes or until it passes if NOT on the N iteration (limit the number of iteration - per settings? if the BUG CAN"T be resolved 



Report - bug closes and update the management system 



At the end of EACH sprint - ALL the issues of that sprint should be resolved and reported ; Final regression testing performed prior to sprint closure



A decision if to keep the test as a regressions test OR JUST archive the test  - the reasoning behind it is as follows: (i) As sprints progress number of tests increase and regression testing is becoming time/resource intensive - we don't wish to run unneeded tests; (ii) Test become obsolete; (iii) BUT - a bug may return - so we do wish to use archived test. 



NOTE that the system or user need to recognize returning bugs .... (to increases severity level or keep an Archived tests 



Resolution and issue management is supper crucial - in my opinion in should be a collaboration between the CLUADE system (e.g. via AGENT commands or other supported features) ; the user ; and the "project-refiner" system 



Following our discussion herein we will open a NEW sprint in project-refiner (PLEASE lets change the name) and reduce to practice and test the feature - THIS IS AN IMPROTANT SYSTEM that will serve ALL Synaptix-Labs projects 

